[Music]
hello everyone please welcome and your
enemy he stops cooking today I'm going
to share with you hot and spicy General
Tso's chicken I'm going to use a 2 point
Thai chicken it's cut into small pieces
how do I make a delicious general tso
chicken I'm going to share with you make
it in two steps the first step will be
marinating the chicken second step will
be the sauce 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
quarter cup cornstarch 1 egg yolk 1 tbsp
olive oil 1 tbsp sesame oil 1 TSP each
black pepper they give me eight which is
paprika salt the second step will be the
sauce 1 tbsp lemon juice rice vinegar 1
tablespoon 1 cup chicken stock 1
tablespoon ginger garlic paste 1
tablespoon barbecue sauce 1 tbsp hot
sriracha chili sauce 1 tablespoon soy
sauce 1 tbsp fish sauce 1 tablespoon
heissen sauce 1 tbsp oyster sauce 1
tablespoon sesame oil 1 tablespoon olive
oil
I'll bring Oliver says Mira egg yolk
salt the gimmick black pepper
all-purpose flour cornstarch
so now we're going to give a good mix
pick an answer marinated really nicely
but let the chicken sit on a counter for
15 minutes after 15 minutes we're going
to fry them start here gasps little more
of olive oil but everything into the
heart once it's going to be start
cooking they won't start the separating
now and we're going to cook it until
it's fully cooking the chicken fingers
as they are falling apart from each
other video gas to medium and cover with
the lid and cook it for five minutes
looking for five minutes
it's like the design is so this has got
so easily so the chicken is peligro also
eat the chicken out
I'm going to use the same skillet I'll
bring all the ingredients
[Music]
[Applause]
cook the sauce until the Warrens this
way the garlic ginger they will put
sauce has started to boil so the garlic
ginger works well so there will be no
beautifully over so we cook over the
sauce for five minutes
bring the kid give a good mix all that
once type of celery cut into small
pieces half onion give a good mix our
harden spicy general tso chicken is
already hot and spicy general tso
chicken is ready I hope you like the
dish please try it it's really easy to
make for more innovative recipes please
subscribe easy steps and I'm going to
see you soon with the nearest B best of
all easy steps cooking thank you very
much
[Music]